#stud_info class is main class
Write a Java Program for the following scenario
a. In a college there are multiple departments and all the department details are stored in named ""Department"". The class contains department code, department name, the building which it is located in and the year it was founded. 
b. The college has a set of teachers who work in the departments. The teacher details are stored in a separate class named ""Teaching_Staff"". The details that are stored include the ID, name, qualification, date of joining the college, the department code where they work in. 
c. The college takes in students in all the departments. The student details are stored in a separate class named ""Student_Details"". The details include student id, name, mobile number, email ID, and the department code in which the student has been enrolled and the teacher code handling 4 subjects. 
d. After the completion of every semester, the marks scored by the student in the four subjects in that particular semester is stored in another class named ""Student_Marks"". This class contains student id, semester number, marks in 4 subjects. 
Use inheritance and constructors appropriately while defining the classes. Create appropriate objects to instantiate the class. In the student marks class write a method to calculate the total and average of the students marks in the semester. Provide details for at least 5 students and calculate the total and average for all of them. Display the details appropriately
